Added Webiny to the list (#275)
crweiner/hacktoberfest-swag-list: README.md

- **How to sign up**: Fill the [form](https://forms.gle/aUYJXoVJVivPgGuM8) and make a successful PR on any of [LoginRadius repository](https://github.com/LoginRadius).
- **Notes**: Keep in touch from our [LoginRadius Engineering Blog](https://www.loginradius.com/engineering/page/hacktoberfest2020) site for more updates.

### W

#### **Webiny**

- **Swag**: Special Webiny Swag Pack (T-Shirt)

> - **Requirements**: Make four successful pull requests in October 2020 to any open source project and atleast one pull request to [Webiny](https://github.com/webiny/webiny-js)

Reviewer: Little typo:
```suggestion
- **Requirements**: Make four successful pull requests in October 2020 to any open source project and at least one pull request to [Webiny](https://github.com/webiny/webiny-js)
```
